لَاْ حَوْلَ وَلَاْ قُوَّةَ إِلَّاْ بِاْللهِ العَلِيِّ العَظِيْم
When the Arabic letter Lam (ل) is followed by the letter Alif (ا), FriBidi substitutes the two with the ligature Lam+Alif (لا) and a zero-width space is inserted.
سبب ظهور المربعات في النص العربي هو: When the Arabic letter Lam (ل) is followed by the letter Alif (ا), FriBidi substitutes the two with the ligature Lam+Alif (لا) and a zero-width space is inserted.
سبب ظهور المربعات في النص العربي: ‪When the Arabic letter Lam (‫ل‬) is followed by the letter Alif (‫ا‬), FriBidi substitutes the two with the ligature Lam+Alif (‫لا‬) and a zero-width space is inserted.‬
Did you know that the surname of former French prime minister Jean-Marc Ayrault, when pronounced, sounds like a very obscene Arabic word (‫إيرو‬) which literally means “his dick”? That caused a problem for broadcasting corporations back then because, you see, an innocent statement in the news such as: “‫التقى جلالة الملك عبد الله رئيس الوزراء ‪Ayrault‬ وعقدا مؤتمراً صحفياً مشتركاً في القاعة ‪123‬في فندق ‪The Four Seasons Hotel‬مساء أمس‬” which literally means “His Majesty King Abdallah met with prime minister Ayrault, and they held a joint press conference in meeting room 123 in The Four Seasons Hotel yesterday evening” can be misunderstood to mean that the dick of His Majesty King Abdallah is actually a prime minister, and the two actually hold joint press conferences at times. Needless to say, broadcasting corporations allowed their newscasters to mispronounce the name as ‫إيرولت‬ or ‫إيغو‬. Which is kind of unfortunate. It would have been fun to watch the embarrasement of female newscasters as they were forced to read obscenities on national TV.
‪Did you know that the surname of former French prime minister Jean-Marc Ayrault, when pronounced, sounds like a very obscene Arabic word (‫إيرو‬) which literally means “his dick”? That caused a problem for broadcasting corporations back then because, you see, an innocent statement in the news such as: “‫التقى جلالة الملك عبد الله رئيس الوزراء ‪Ayrault‬ وعقدا مؤتمراً صحفياً مشتركاً في القاعة ‪123‬في فندق ‪The Four Seasons Hotel‬مساء أمس‬” which literally means “His Majesty King Abdallah met with prime minister Ayrault, and they held a joint press conference in meeting room 123 in The Four Seasons Hotel yesterday evening” can be misunderstood to mean that the dick of His Majesty King Abdallah is actually a prime minister, and the two actually hold joint press conferences at times. Needless to say, broadcasting corporations allowed their newscasters to mispronounce the name as ‫إيرولت‬ or ‫إيغو‬. Which is kind of unfortunate. It would have been fun to watch the embarrasement of female newscasters as they were forced to read obscenities on national TV.‬
Once upon a time in a land far, far away, an evil witch cast a spell whereby all text appeared right to left. ‮This wasn’t an easy thing to get used to, to people who were LTR oriented. And, alas, people could no longer read subtitles in movies because, video applications did not support RTL text. And to make matters worse, digits were still written LTR. For example: ‭10 + 20 = 30‬. See?‬ This is the curse of bi-directional text which you, lucky bastards, do not have to live with every day.
